let's talk about cameras I bet you guys
didn't know I could juggle my to go to
cameras for pictures and video are my
Canon 5d Mark 3 in my Canon 6d Canon
DSLRs are amazing for taking pictures
and the video is pretty awesome I
usually shoot on the neutral shooting
color profile I also sometimes use
different shooting profiles like the
Technicolor Cinna style and the vision
color cinema profile those profiles just
give you a flat look so it's easier to
go back and color great and post opposed
to if you're using the auto picture
profile on Canon DSLRs you can shoot at
720p at 60 frames per second so you can
get good slow-motion so that's why I
typically use these when I do stuff like
weddings or anything I need slow-motion
for however it's 2016 other camera
companies are innovating like crazy
Sony now has put 1080p at 120 frames per
second in cameras like the sony a7s but
people argue that Canon DSLR are mainly
for photography which is fine but
they're kind of slacking in the video
department when it comes to more of my
documentary style shooting light
creative spaces TV I use the Blackmagic
pocket Cinema cameras
I have cages on both of them so it's
easier to attach accessories when
shooting with a black magic pocket
Cinema cameras I typically shoot in RAW
format which means it's basically taking
24 DNG files per second of video from
the pocket cameras SD card I bring that
through DaVinci Resolve export it as a
super flat image Pro res file and then
bring that into Premiere to edit I love
point-and-shoot cameras before I got my
favorite all-time point-and-shoot the
Sony rx100 Mark 3 I did use the Canon s1
10 the s-1 10 is anime
Quentin shoot that gives you awesome
quality video at a very very cheap price
when it comes to audio I'm usually going
in between the rode videomic pro and the
road of filmmaker kit with the love it's
a wireless system that works so well I
cannot recommend it enough I will
probably make a video just about audio
in the future audio is super-important
there's a lot of different options out
there for these types of videos I'm
usually using one of my Canon DSLRs for
creative spaces TV I use my two
Blackmagic pocket Cinema cameras and for
vlogging stuff I usually use the Sony
rx100 Mark three I am obsessed right now
with the sony a7s is a 7s and a 7s - so
I'm going to try to get my hands on one
of those for future projects because
I've been renting them out and they're
amazing when it comes to making videos
obviously story and what you're
capturing is the most important but the
gear helps a lot I love talking about
camera gear so let me know you guys have
any questions give me a follow on
Twitter tomorrow I want to do a camera
Q&A on periscope I'll make sure to post
the time in which I'm doing that you
guys can log on ask me all the questions
you want and I will try to give you my
best advice expertise etc if you have
not yet watched this week's creative
spaces TV it's an awesome episode on the
illustrator and author becky simpson so
make sure to check that out if you have
not yet let me know if you like this
video i'm definitely going to be posting
more kind of behind the scenes stuff
like this and then i'm also always
posting about it on my facebook page so
thank you guys so much for watching this
video let me know if you liked it hit
that subscribe button if you have not
yet and I will see you next week bye
guys
you